Respected Sir/Ma'am
I am writing to request consideration of your Financial Aid as I am not in a situation to pay for this course because my  family comes from a farming background  and we cannot afford to pay such a big amount , as we are also in a burden of loan of a land which my father has bought for a farming  purpose and also due to bad condition of weather in recent years in India we have not been able to get as much crops as we get from our field so we are already in loss. Also my Father is the only person in my family who works in a work field and the income we get from the field is only able to fulfill our daily needs.the expense is also high in my younger brothers education,and my college fee is not more but the other expense like hostel fee and mess fees is very high,so i am not able to pay such big amount of fees,      
kindly help me for my better future,i will be very grateful to you for the acceptance of my condition.
                                                                                                                                   thank you!!
                                                                                                                                   Yash gupta
 As I am doing Engineering in Electrical Engineer from Lucknow, India . Its very important now a days to be very skilled in MATLAB as there is a very big scope of this Language in many big industries like Boeing,Tesla etc.  further, as MATLAB is very  helpful in making circuit diagrams , Image processing and many more . Also as my dream is to work in a Boeing company as a skilled Engineer so taking this course will achieve me for getting the high paying job very quickly that will solve my family problem. The use of MATLAB can also help me in finding the faster solution as compared to the programming language such as C++ or Java . MATLAB will also allow me to solve Technical computing problems with matrix and vector formulation , in a very less time.So due to its several advantage it is clear now that the use of  MATLAB as has become very  popular in different Engineering and research domain. so this course will definitely help me in achieving my goals.

As I am doing my Electrical Engineer , presently first year from Lucknow , India . So I know that being a web designer is very important nowadays for building a self own startup and so this course will definitely help me in achieving my dream . Also , web designing is an important factor in this present era of online revolution. A finely built site help us secure a remarkable position in our area of business. And assist us in establishing a good communication with our customers all across the world.By using websites , It is impossible for me to go everywhere and explain about my startup. And also It able me to promote my business without costing much . In addition, a website will make businesses look more reliable if they're represented in a professional way. Also , nowadays companies demands resume in a digital format which is a minimum requirement for a job , so this course will deifinetly help me a lot for my better future.

 As I am doing Engineering in Electrical Engineer from Lucknow, India . Its very important now a days to be very skilled in English communication as there is a very big scope of this Language in many big industries and in facing interviews. Further, as English is very  helpful for marketing,speaking and Buisness management skills . Also as my dream is to be a good speaker in my life , so taking this course will achieve me for getting the high paying job very quickly that will solve my family problem. This language also plays an important role in our life, as it is used as a common language of communication by many people around the world. It is also the most spoken language. It is necessary in our education.So due to its several advantage it is clear now that the use of English communication as has become very  popular in different Engineering and research domain. so this course will definitely help me in achieving my goals.
